
family tree
brian wazowski has 4 brothers  jobs he done in past  been police in uk he also did part time job in working in burgershot and working in bar taking drinks to tables,
"brother"Liam wazowski  age 25 he work as taxi driver since he was 19  now doing uber full time 
"brother"james wazowski  age 22 is sales rep and sell cars to people 
"brother" arthur wazowski  age 19  he always been mechanic good with cars likes to fixed them and being able to help people 
dad ben wazowski age 50 works also in police and has been in police since he was 21 and never looks back and helps keep uk save from crime that has been going on he transfer to us to help and stop gun crime on streets 
mum chloe wazowski ageo 40 works in nhs has been in uk since she was born and want to help out all around world work in hospital of alot places has skills to save peoples lives
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- family tree ^^^
brian wazowski study in uk and then move to us to settle down and get away from worse weather in uk. he also  started off being in police foce following his "dad ben wazowski" foot steps and he had  step down and leave foce due to his dad being in hospital.
brian wazowski hobby is working and help people he doesn't like labor work and he want to be practical and he want learn new stuff. after brian move to the us with his brother james wazowski follow his footsteps so  uk while i am in us trying find job in sales rep area.
this would mean that he would have dream job before he wanted to do police learning about cars and he also loves fast and furious and moive too so he want dived in this before he changed his mind became cop in uk. 

brian is type person hates people when bully people tells never going to learn if keep taking people money kicking them call them name he is type person that help person up get what needed to be done about weather than is telling police about his friend getting beating up or reporting to right people.

story about brothers never got along at festive years   arthur would be drunk and  he be over mood and not have clue what going on, One time he  ended up in lockup in polioce station and his dad was so mad he made he stay full 24hrs learn what he did was wrong teach him lesson. 
story about james and liam they were always good after james grew up always mums boy and liam was always dady boy. however liam went to uni and never got back in touch with his family.
 3 brothers when they were younger had saving accoutn which they did not know about there were 20 had at least 5k in bank to use to help get on feet paid board and to do they essial things.

family started small did not have mulch money after ben had bad accident he was grant his pension early 150k and he split between his family  as christmas money and brithday money still has bit money for him self